README.md, before:

sbt-typescript  
==============

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg"
         alt="License: Apache 2">
</a>
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript/">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript.png"
         alt="Travis Build">
</a>
<a href="http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.arpnetworking%22%20a%3A%22sbt-typescript%22">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.arpnetworking/sbt-typescript.svg"
         alt="Maven Artifact">
</a>

Allows TypeScript to be used from within sbt. Leverages the functionality of com.typesafe.sbt:js-engine to run the 
typescript compiler.

To use this plugin use the addSbtPlugin command within your project's plugins.sbt (or as a global setting) i.e.:

```scala
addSbtPlugin("com.arpnetworking" % "sbt-typescript" % "0.2.1")
resolvers += Resolver.typesafeRepo("releases")
```

You will also need to enable the SbtWeb plugin in your project.

The options provided mimic the arguments to the tsc command line compiler.

Option                 | Description
-----------------------|------------
declaration            | Generates corresponding '.d.ts' file.
sourceMap              | Generates source maps for input files.
sourceRoot             | Specifies the location where the compiler should locate TypeScript files instead of the source locations.
mapRoot                | Specifies the location where the compiler should locate map files instead of generated locations.
target                 | ECMA script target version. Should be "ES3" or "ES5" (default).
noImplicitAny          | Warn on expressions and declarations with an implied "any" type.
moduleKind             | Specifies module code generation. Should be "" (default), "None", "CommonJS", "AMD", "UMD", "System", "ES6" and "ES2015".
outFile                | Concatenate and emit output to a single file. 
outDir                 | Destination directory for output files.
removeComments         | Removes comments from the generated source.
jsx                    | Specifices JSX-mode for .tsx files. Should be "None", "Preserve" (default) to generate .jsx or "React" to generate .js files.
experimentalDecorators | Experimental decorators support. Set this to true if you have an angular2 project.
emitDecoratorMetadata  | This will write decorator metadata to your js files. Set this to true if you have an angular2 project.
moduleResolutionKind   | "NodeJs" or "Classic" module resolution. 

    
By default, all typescript files (*.ts and *.tsx) are included in the compilation and will generate corresponding javascript
files.  To change this, supply an includeFilter in the TypescriptKeys.typescript task configuration.

For example:

```scala
includeFilter in TypescriptKeys.typescript := "myFile.ts"
```

You can also set an exclude filter in the same way.

A note on typescript compiling speed
------------------------------------

Sometimes the default engine (Trireme) can be quite slow. If you're experiencing long typescript compile times you can always switch to node.js ([remember to install it first](http://nodejs.org/download/)) adding this line to your `build.sbt` file:

```scala
JsEngineKeys.engineType := JsEngineKeys.EngineType.Node
```

&copy; Groupon Inc., 2014

Commit message:

Fixed single outFile generation (ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript#1)
 - All input files now point to the same output file
 - Added `AllowJS` compiler flag, as this is useful for projects using outFile
 - Added `typingsFile` option to allow typings files to be written for older JS code being included in the single file output

README.md, after:

sbt-typescript
==============

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg"
         alt="License: Apache 2">
</a>
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript/">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/ArpNetworking/sbt-typescript.png"
         alt="Travis Build">
</a>
<a href="http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.arpnetworking%22%20a%3A%22sbt-typescript%22">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.arpnetworking/sbt-typescript.svg"
         alt="Maven Artifact">
</a>

Allows TypeScript to be used from within sbt. Leverages the functionality of com.typesafe.sbt:js-engine to run the
typescript compiler.

To use this plugin use the addSbtPlugin command within your project's plugins.sbt (or as a global setting) i.e.:

```scala
addSbtPlugin("com.arpnetworking" % "sbt-typescript" % "0.2.1")
resolvers += Resolver.typesafeRepo("releases")
```

You will also need to enable the SbtWeb plugin in your project.

The options provided mimic the arguments to the tsc command line compiler.

Option                 | Description
-----------------------|------------
allowJS                | Allow JavaScript files to be compiled.
declaration            | Generates corresponding '.d.ts' file.
sourceMap              | Generates source maps for input files.
sourceRoot             | Specifies the location where the compiler should locate TypeScript files instead of the source locations on the webserver. (Note this is require if using `outFile` to compile into a single file)
mapRoot                | Specifies the location where the compiler should locate map files instead of generated locations.
target                 | ECMA script target version. Should be "ES3" or "ES5" (default).
noImplicitAny          | Warn on expressions and declarations with an implied "any" type.
moduleKind             | Specifies module code generation. Should be "" (default), "None", "CommonJS", "AMD", "UMD", "System", "ES6" and "ES2015".
outFile                | Concatenate and emit output to a single file.
outDir                 | Destination directory for output files.
removeComments         | Removes comments from the generated source.
jsx                    | Specifices JSX-mode for .tsx files. Should be "None", "Preserve" (default) to generate .jsx or "React" to generate .js files.
experimentalDecorators | Experimental decorators support. Set this to true if you have an angular2 project.
emitDecoratorMetadata  | This will write decorator metadata to your js files. Set this to true if you have an angular2 project.
moduleResolutionKind   | "NodeJs" or "Classic" module resolution.
typingsFile            | A file that refers to typings that the build needs. Default None, but would normally be "/typings/index.d.ts"


By default, all typescript files (*.ts and *.tsx) are included in the compilation and will generate corresponding javascript
files.  To change this, supply an includeFilter in the TypescriptKeys.typescript task configuration.

For example:

```scala
includeFilter in TypescriptKeys.typescript := "myFile.ts"
```

You can also set an exclude filter in the same way.

A note on typescript compiling speed
------------------------------------

Sometimes the default engine (Trireme) can be quite slow. If you're experiencing long typescript compile times you can always switch to node.js ([remember to install it first](http://nodejs.org/download/)) adding this line to your `build.sbt` file:

```scala
JsEngineKeys.engineType := JsEngineKeys.EngineType.Node
```

&copy; Groupon Inc., 2014
